Resolves #2178 (#2347)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/adfs/New-AdfsAzureMfaTenantCertificate.md

## PARAMETERS

### -Renew

> Renews certificate. Do not use if certificate has already expired. In this scenario, the existing expired certificate is replaced with a new one instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renew certificate. Do not use if the certificate has already expired. In this scenario, the existing expired certificate is replaced with a new certificate.
```
